good morning
and welcome back to a day in my life
i'll be sharing a full workday
as i don't have university which means
that instead of training to be
a junior doctor in the uk's national
health service i'll be focusing
all my attention on improving one
person's life
ali abdul i have a guilty start to my
day at
9 00 am as waking up late means i've
officially missed our morning power hour
with the inner circle team
but it's nothing that a mixture of
various forms of sugars for breakfast
can't fix
i'm usually the last member of the team
to wake up so
i catch up with the boys on slack while
having the food the topic of
conversation today
is the dislike of late night team
meetings and
something about doubling income from
shares overnight
i start work by checking my own tasks
and also see what
ali has over booked himself for today
i've realised that there is
actually going to be little opportunity
for him to be a waste man
as he's over-committed to back-to-back
meetings all day
i also realize sheen has managed to book
herself in
for a meeting with ali something we've
been planning behind his back
as the only way to get this man's
attention
nothing on his calendar requires my
immediate input so i move on to email
between the marriage requests fan mail
questions and payment receipts
reading emails is at once the most
entertaining
heartwarming and confusing part of my
day
there must have been something
interesting early recently posted
because there is a fresh wave of wife
applications
getting the inbox down to zero is harder
than only getting a six pack
so i decide to pause work on this for
now
by the way the marriage tab in the email
is absolutely real
and you can get in touch with us with
any personal requests
the emotional rollercoaster however is
far from over
me and angus need to go through
scholarship video applications for our
new youtuber academy
something i've been trying to put off
doing for the last two days
the process of rejection genuinely
breaks my heart
so i decide to put it off for a bit
longer and go
on my daily-ish walk to shake the
feeling of being a dream maker
i am listening to tim ferriss's new
podcast with michael phelps
which towards the end makes a surprising
turn towards mental health
and prompts me to make a few notes which
i sort out on ocean once i get home
at around 11 40. i then get started on
watching the application videos for the
next few hours
i mix it up by switching back and forth
from chrome to safari
which really is the wildest form of fun
i have during lockdown
me and ali are also trying to convince
angus and christian that there is value
in having team social nights
which hopefully will start up again soon
after some more investment talk with
passions rising in the group chat after
socks being suspended i continue my own
life in blissful ignorance and at 1 30 i
make lunch and actually attend
the second group working session of the
day these are always
so heartwarming and i get to live
vicariously through people
lucky enough to have pets after getting
in a few mcqs for the day
i finally catch up on a call with ali
and james clear
i am pinching myself listening to the
gems here
and feel super inspired so i dive into
some research on what we're working on
between this and chatting with angus on
our need to get educated on the stock
market
a few hours have passed at this point
and it's almost 6 p.m
which is when i have a call with ali so
i quickly order some food i bribe myself
to do videos like this with
unhealthy food which is not a good
long-term strategy as it arrives i carry
my pizza and ali to the window
it's lovely to be able to look at the
view every now and then and i find it
makes long meetings a lot more enjoyable
if i have my casual chats i won't do
them on my desk i'll do them here if i
have my formal chats i'll do them
um casual type in my book yes
congratulations
we try to explain to each other why we
haven't done
what we were supposed to do again and we
try to plan our tasks for the upcoming
week
ali is actually planning on changing his
glasses which is a huge event for us
as a business between this and the new
shirts i prepare myself mentally for the
upcoming wave of extra wife emails
he's the one that does the typing in
these meetings and it's my goal for 2021
to be able to type faster than ali
so if anyone has any tips please let me
know i'm guessing i could
have seen tomorrow exciting
system solution to people problems love
it yes
let's talk about you again yeah what
about me
um why do you feel overwhelmed um
i had promised myself i would sleep
early today but
not getting started on products after
our chats is about as likely as
ali sticking to his daily macros so i
take my laptop to bed this time
and spend the next few hours working on
one of our projects
i realize we haven't sent our daily
youtuber email course
so at 11 pm i end up calling ali and
trying to negotiate him into getting
this done
hello hey ali actually surprisingly
compliant
and now that i've got something else
ticked off my to-do list i can get back
to work my
night ends at 2 am after being engrossed
and reading on the psychology of
happiness and meaning
wishing i could actually talk about all
this right now i save it for my meeting
with him tomorrow and go to bed
realizing this is exactly why i keep
missing our morning power hours
i promise myself for the 10th month in a
row to fix my sleeping schedule
i am honestly endlessly grateful to the
most productive wasteland out there for
giving me these types of days
thank you abdul and if you did make it
so far
thank you so much for spending this day
with me i hope you have a wonderful one
yourself
[Music]
bye